docs: improve Azure DevOps setup documentation (#8333)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/setup-azure-devops.md

# Azure DevOps setup

> This document explains how to setup Renovate for use on Azure DevOps.

Author: ```suggestion
This document explains how to setup Renovate for use with Azure DevOps.
```

I'm not sure if it should be for "use _on_" or "for use _with_".

Reviewer: The Azure DevOps style guide says "on Azure DevOps"

Author: Thanks you! 😄

## Setting up a new pipeline

Create a brand new pipeline within Azure DevOps, and select your source:
![Azure DevOps create new pipeline](assets/images/azure-devops-setup-1.png)

Then select your repository.

Within _Configure your pipeline_ select: **Starter pipeline**
![Azure DevOps starter pipeline template](assets/images/azure-devops-setup-2.png)

Replace _all_ content in the starter pipeline with:

```yaml
schedules:
  - cron: '0 3 * * *'
    displayName: 'Every day at 3am'
    branches:
      include: [master]

trigger: none

pool:
  vmImage: ubuntu-latest

steps:
  - task: npmAuthenticate@0
    inputs:
      workingFile: .npmrc

  - bash: |
      git config --global user.email 'bot@renovateapp.com'
      git config --global user.name 'Renovate Bot'
      npx --userconfig .npmrc renovate
    env:
      TOKEN: $(System.AccessToken)
```

## Create a .npmrc file

Create a `.npmrc` file in your repository:

> ```json

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```ini
```

It's an ini file 😏

Author: Thank you! 😄

registry=https://pkgs.dev.azure.com/YOUR-ORG/_packaging/YOUR-FEED/npm/registry/
always-auth=true
```

> In the `registry` variable, replace `YOUR-ORG` with your Azure DevOps organization and `YOUR-FEED` with your Azure Artifacts feed.

Author: ```suggestion
For the `registry` key, replace `YOUR-ORG` with your Azure DevOps organization and `YOUR-FEED` with your Azure Artifacts feed.
```
